# Creation

1. 'python manage.py startapp name', where name in this case was wiki.

# The Model

1. I made 'page_name' the Page model's primary key. Worth noting that primary keys are auto-incremented to models anyway. As it is a primary key, I do not have to define it as unique.
2. I defined a string length of 60 to page_name, as that should be more than enough for URLs.
3. Defined page_content as a text field, which is essentially a text area.
4. I had to add 'wiki.apps.PollsConfig' to settings.py.
5. Made migrations using 'python manage.py makemigrations' and 'python manage.py migrate'.

# The URL conf

1. Added 'urls.py' to 'wiki' folder.
2. Added two imports to 'urls.py' and created a URL pattern.
3. Added a dummy view for 'views.index'.
4. Added an import for django.urls.include inside 'mysite/urls.py' and inserted an include() for 'wiki.urls' into the urlpatterns list.
5. Ran a test server using 'python manage.py runserver', opened it through a browser using 'localhost:8000/wiki/' to ensure it worked.
6. Imported 'Page' model into 'views.py'. Added an IndexView class to 'views.py' which inherits from ListView, replacing the index dummy view. Also added necessary imports.
7. Added two additional views importing from DetailView, one called 'PageView' and another called 'EditView'.
8. Created two folders in wiki, 'templates' and inside that, 'wiki'. Added 'index.html', 'detail.html' and 'edit.html' files to nested 'wiki' folder.
9. Added a series of conditional statements to 'index.html' to display a current list of pages on the wiki. NOTE: either a queryset or a model is required in a view.
10. Added a get_queryset definition in IndexView to return all objects of the Page model and order them.
11. Added a get_object definition in PageView to return a given page if it exists. If it does not, return an empty page with the name as the URL given by the user.
12. Added a context_object_name definition to PageView to be able to return the name and content of an existing page inside page.html.
13. Returned the name and content of an existing page inside page.html.
14. Added a form to edit.html to be further edited later.
15. LATER; modified PageView get_object method into get method.

# ERRORS

1. 'Page has no attribute page_name'
- Had to replace the P in return self.page_name with lowercase variant.

2. 'function' object has no attribute 'order_by'
- Had to add parentheses on the end of the 'all' section of Page.objects.all.order_by('page_name')

3. NoReverseMatch at /wiki/ Reverse for 'page' with arguments '('',)' not found. 1 pattern(s) tried: ['wiki\\/(?P<pk>[^/]+)\\/$']
- Had to capitalise instances of 'Page' in 'index.html', as it was a class definition.

4. OperationError
- When searching and replacing a variable name, I accidentally changed it in the database. This caused issues and, as a result, I deleted my database and re-created it (as well as the superuser).

5. (on saving a page edit): HTTP ERROR 405
-

6. TypeError; get_context_data() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were given
-

# TODO

1. Repository on github, development locally, push to archive the pythonanywhere will notice and re-clone it. Auto-pushing on PythonAnywhere